Who are you? What are you doing?
Is this Yuxi independent Brigade Command?
Yes.
I'm Cai Zhen, a reporter from Tanzhong Daily.
I'm from Chongqing.
I want to interview Brigade Commander.
This is...
Tanzhong Daily.
Are you from Chongqing?
Okay, wait a minute.
Is your Brigade Commander Cui Wenkui?
Yes, our Brigade Commander is surnamed Cui.
Miss, do you know our Brigade Commander?
Miss Cai, Brigade Commander is having a banquet.
Please wait in the meeting room.
This way, please.
Miss Cai, please.
Miss Cai.
Brigade Commander asked you to wait here.
He'll come when he's fine.
Okay, thank you.
Can I take a look around here?
Sure.
Please don't do that.
Understood.
Without your permission,
without your permission.
Please help yourself.
When I came in,
I saw no one in the yard.
It's rare to see a command center so quiet.
There's only one guard here.
The rest are guarding 30 miles east of the city.
30 miles east of the city.
Did the Japanese army near Luoyang take action?
You know Shanzhou well, Miss Cai.
Yes.
The Japanese have assembled two brigades.
Now, in Yiyang,
in Yiyang.
If nothing goes wrong,
after you interview Brigade Commander,
you have to leave here as soon as possible.
Why?
The 13 armies are useless.
You can't protect them either?
Not really.
I'm just worried about Miss Cai.
if we didn't take good care of you,
and let you fall into the hands of the Japanese,
It's not good for you.
Okay.
Thank you.
The army of Shanzhou is close with swordsmen.
If they join forces to defend,
it will be very unfavorable to the empire’s western Jin strategy.
The knives are well organized.
There are 100,000 people.
is the biggest force in Shaanxi.
We must take precautions.
Given the current situation,
I have a new plan.
Without reinforcement,
the resistance to Shaanxi will be struck by lightning.
I request the Imperial Army
to cooperate with my new plan.
I will make sure the Imperial Army goes smoothly.
Brigade Commander.
The reporter from the Japanese Daily
in the meeting room.
Good.
That woman looks pretty.
but she's really picky.
What does he do?
He's a reporter.
I just rely on my mouth.
You're her opponent.
And as soon as she arrived,
she asked if you were Choi Moon-Kui.
No.
Let's get to know each other before we come.
Use the 33 countries of the year
Are you really not going to meet her?
Why would I meet her?
She can bring me aircraft cannons.
Sir, something happened to the Brigade Lieutenant.
What could happen to him?
He... He's dead.
It's not me.
Take a look.
Sir, we haven't found anything about the assassin last night.
Look at the lockdown.
What do you think?
Madam.
I don’t think it’s appropriate to investigate.
Should we just watch the Japanese spy
in our fortress?
Because of a spy,
because of a spy.
It’s not worth it.
Moreover, when the enemy is at hand,
Yuxi independent Brigade Commander Cui Wenkui and I
have come up with a plan.
If we waste more time here,
The chance of war is fleeting.
it's not worth it.
It makes sense.
But with the hands of Black Tiger Mountain,
and Choi Moon-Kui
can really block two Japanese hostels.
Choi Moon-Kui is near the airport.
near the airport.
and connects each other.
I guess the Japanese are here to rob the airport.
so they won't use heavy cannons.
As long as we guard these secret passages,
it'll be hard for the Japanese to go further.
Since you've decided what to do,
I won't interfere.
Liu half Jin.
Madam.
Don’t put the guns there.
to them.
Beat them up!
OK.
Boss.
Not for now.
Why?
This time, Black Tiger Mountain came out.
without backup.
The same goes for Choi Moon-Kui.
If the war
didn't go according to our imagination,
At that time,
please send troops immediately
to reinforce us.
Pass my order.
The four camps of Qinglong Fortress
Gather everyone.
100 guns and 100 horses per camp.
Get the bullets ready and stand by.
Yes.
Sister
Sister.
What's wrong?
You don't want to go?
What's wrong with you
Brother, in this way,
Qinglong Fortress will be empty.
If any swordsman wants to harm us,
we won't be able to fight back.
Master.
Why do you always
why can't you figure it out?
Follow me.
Brigade Commander, it's good that he's dead.
so that he won't have to
and keep an eye on him.
You know nothing.
Do you know who this is?
Communist Party.
Japanese?
or us?
What do you think?
Stop filming.
I told you to wait in the meeting room.
What?
We can enter
We can go in as we please.
You're more important than the chairman.
Get the reporters out of here!
Brigade Commander Cui, why are you so grumpy?
Hello, I'm Cai Zhen.
A reporter from Taekan Daily.
You...
What's your name?
Chae Jin.
Miss Cai.
Information Daily.
I'm sorry.
Well...
You look too much like my family.
So...
Sorry.
Miss Cai.
What do you want to do?
I want to talk to you.
I ran into you as soon as I came.
about your adjutant being killed.
You just said
he has a military background.
Who do you think did it?
It happened all of a sudden.
I came to the scene as soon as possible.
So no matter who it is,
In broad daylight,
in broad daylight.
I will find out
and give Chongqing an explanation.
If you say so,
you don't know who it is.
Not yet.
Who do you think it is, Miss Cai?
I think the Japanese, the Communist Party
and the swordsmen here.
It can't be an internal force, right?
Write whatever you want.
Miss Cai is a reporter.
In terms of information,
in finding information.
Sorry, I just said
You look like my family.
She's my long-lost sister.
Her name is Cui Wenpei.
If Miss Cai can find out anything about her
or see her in person,
please tell her
that her brother
her brother has been looking for her.
Thank you for telling me about your family.
When I have time,
when I have time.
How about this?
Stay in my security group for the time being.
As you can see, it's not safe outside.
Captain Joo.
Yes.
Ask the military doctor to handle the scene.
and arrange a place for Miss Cai.
Yes.
Brigade Commander!
Brigade Commander.
Are you really going to let her stay in the security group?
That woman...
Keep an eye on her 24 hours a day.
Don't let anything happen to her.
Understand?
Yes.
Where are we going now?
Go back to the Brigade.
Yes.
Mr. Tanaka!
What's going on?
Li is exposed.
Bastard!
Did you kill him?
He was beaten to death.
But it wasn't our men.
Do you see who did it?
This...
No.
Go back.
Remember,
Don't make any more mistakes.
Yes, Mr. Tanaka.
Interesting.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Let's talk inside.
Yes.
Why are you here?
Wu Zhen asked me to come.
Did something happen?
It's like this, Brigade Commander Cui.
Let's go now.
Yes.
You must find Choi Moon-Kui
and tell him everything here.
The demons here won't hurt you.
I don't care.
I want him to do it first.
and confirm three things with Choi Moon-Kui.
First,
I have Li Gang's body now.
The person who sent the body
was sent by Choi Moon-Kui.
No matter who it is,
we must find him.
Otherwise, it will be more troublesome.
Second,
Let Choi Moon-Kui distribute some troops
with guns and ammunition.
I think the Japanese will take a slow time.
It's suitable for ambush.
The location is ten miles east from three passageways.
Tell his soldiers to stake on the south side of the road.
Shoot when you see Japanese cavalry.
The south.
The south side of the road is downhill.
How can there be ambush from downhill to downhill?
Besides, we need to fight the cavalry.
Isn't this suicide?
Listen to me.
Just tell him. He'll understand.
Third, it's also the most important.
The Japanese spies have infiltrated Qinglong Hideout.
And there are a lot of people.
I need his help.
Miss Cai.
Brigade Commander just said
the situation is tense.
Another murder happened in the county.
He's worried that you're too weak.
If anything goes wrong,
it'll be hard to explain to Chongqing.
It's used to celebrate the year of the year.
So I arranged a safe place for you.
When it's peaceful here,
I'll talk to you again.
When did I bother him?
Guards!
Yes.
Send Miss Cai back to her place.
and protect her 24 hours a day.
If they fight like this,
to send independent Brigade to death.
I know Wu Zhen well.
And I've had some contact
the Communist Party.
I think I know
why he did that.
Will it work
OK?
We don't have enough people now.
We can't be tough.
So we have to win by surprise.
Go back and tell him
I can listen to him this time.
Okay.
Brigade Commander Cui, I'm leaving.
Brigade Commander.
What about the girl?
I've arranged it. It looks like it.
Look, find someone
to follow her around 24 hours a day.
A close person?
How?
Send an order to the frontline.
Tell them we've changed in the combat.
Yes.
Vegetable buns.
Mr. Tian Yuan,
Give the body to the bandits.
If they get in touch with Cui Wenkui,
there will be a bug in our plan.
Of course I know.
Now is the weakest time for Cui Wenkui.
As long as Qinglong Fortress doesn't support him,
he can't protect the airport.
You mean Sun Jiu Huan and Chase Wei?
Yes.
As long as people from Qinglong Camp withdraw and attack them,
let alone killing each other,
but they can't
in time.
When the Imperial Army takes the airport,
they want to take it back.
That's impossible.
Then let Sun Jiu Huan and Wei Chase Lee
to attack Qinglong Fortress.
No.
They knew they would die.
Even if they bring people to attack Qinglong Fortress,
they are just pretending.
I won’t try my best.
But once they irritate Qinglong Fortress,
let Shangguan Bao beat them.
For self-protection,
for self-protection.
Mr. Tanaka.
Takato!
So tall.
Contact Agent No. 1 immediately.
to do everything
to get rid of Shangguan Bao and He Xiaopian.
Yes.
Long Yue.
I heard Qinglong Fortress is very lively recently.
A newcomer in Black Tiger Mountain
became the Patriarch.
After Golden tooth died,
Sun Jiuyuan came to me a lot.
He always told me
at this time.
Leader doesn’t trust us.
Brother, what’s your plan?
Don't worry.
I think someone will come to us
someone will come to us.
Who is it?
He's here.
Brother Huo, Brother Meng.
How are you?
Master Shui, long time no see.
What brings you here?
Send a letter for my brother.
This time,
I'm really leaving Eagle to you.
I know.
your marriage
when you think it's appropriate.
But before that,
you must take good care of her.
I only have one daughter.
I used to love her the most.
Now when I see another man replace me,
I feel
in my heart.
Remember,
If you don't treat her well,
no matter I'm a human or a ghost,
I won’t forgive you.
Madam, don't worry.
I will be good to Eagle.
Eagle.
Remember what I told you.
Only you know
in Qinglong Camp.
You can't stay here.
If you're in danger,
all my efforts
will go down the drain.
Got it.
Pack up.
Let's go.
Father.
The letter is here. Goodbye.
Since you’re here,
stay here for a few days.
Let’s talk after we finish our business.
What did the letter say?
Do it for us.
Fine.
Take me as a criminal.
You locked the door from outside.
Why did you knock when you came in?
Are you the reporter
from Jinzhong Daily, right?
What about you?
My name is Tong Lingdang.
I came from Shanxi.
I know two characters.
I'm just a maid here.
Brigade Commander
is afraid that you'll be bored alone.
so he asked me to stay with you.
Just tell me you're watching me.
You can tell?
No wonder they told me to be careful.
Since you can see it,
please cooperate.
Because here
But Independent Brigade agent Lian
are always allowed to enter or leave.
How old are you?
I'm 20.
What about you?
You're not much older than me.
When will Brigade Commander Cui come here?
Who knows?
Normally,
Agents don't even
He seldom comes here.
But the war is coming.
After the war,
after the war.
How about this?
I won't look for him anymore.
Take me to the county.
Okay?
No, no, no.
There's a war outside.
If we go out now,
Brigade Commander said we can't go out.
Sorry.
Come on, bro.
Okay.
Take one.
Dahai
Good job.
Thank you, Master.
Have you seen Young Master?
I don't know.
He left early in the morning.
Where did he go?
I don't know.
The young master has been sleeping since he came back.
He left early in the morning
Sometimes he takes a lot of food from the kitchen
Take food out from the kitchen
This scoundrel.
Why is he such a loser?
Remember.
When will he come back tonight?
Lock him in the room.
Don't let him go anywhere.
Remember.
Yes.
Take care, Master.
Lingdang.
Wake up.
Captain Zhu
Okay.
Captain Zhu.
What kind of work are you giving me?
I quit.
Let go of me!
Didn't I tell you
to be careful of her.
She will definitely hurt you.
This is too much.
You didn't tell me.
to tie me up.
Let go of me. I quit.
Hang in there. Not yet.
I can't.
She must come back
she will definitely come back.
If she threatens you,
you promise her everything.
Understand?
I don't understand.
I need to go to the toilet.
I can't stand it.
Then you really have to endure it.
I quit, okay?
Let go of me!
All right.
It must be late now.
Sleep more.
If you fall asleep, you don't want to go anywhere.
Go to sleep.
Let go of me!
Sleep.
Brigade Commander, that female reporter really ran out.
Did you send someone to follow him?
Yes, three groups.
When will you know
there is no more soldiers.
Just don't lose him.
I'll call him back.
Come back?
She will come back on her own.
Tell them
Tell them to report everything.
Let him in.
What did your master say?
We’re waiting for you.
Tie up the leader.
You can handle the rest.
Wait.
When this is done,
let your master go to Black Tiger Mountain
to meet the new leader there.
Okay, Brigade Commander Cui.
Brigadier Cui, how is it?
How's the line of defense?
Mr. He, are you concerned about the war?
It's such a big matter.
Of course I care.
I just came to ask
if you need my help.
I'll do my best.
and do my best.
You don't want to die either.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Just kidding.
If you really need it,
I won't hesitate.
I...
When I came in,
the bandits I met...
No, swordsmen.
Are they here to help you
to protect Shaanxi together?
I called them here
to warn them
Tell them to behave.
It's the main period of anti-Japan.
That's good.
Brigade Commander Cui, go ahead.
I won't disturb you.
I'm leaving.
Brigade Commander, this old skater came here
He's acting weird.
We have to be careful.
I'll send someone to surround him.
No need.
We don't have time for him.
We'll talk about it after this war.
Send someone to Wu Zhen's camp.
to see how they're ready.
I've told Agent Lian.
to find out
of the swordsmen.
Okay.
Let's go.
This way.
Are you a Communist Party?
What's your name?
I'm He Zheng.
I'm a student of Mr. Wu from this county.
What are you doing here?
I answered your question.
It's your turn to answer me.
I'm not a Communist Party.
Then why are you here?
I'm sick. I need some medicine.
Did you find it?
Yes.
Go back if you find it.
Brother, Brother Si.
What do you think
what do you think?
What's your plan?
Golden tooth disrespects the superior.
You asked for it.
In my opinion,
if the Japanese pay for the gun,
it's still a way out.
We don't need to rely on the Japanese.
But we can rely on the Japanese.
When they're ready,
we'll fight each other.
That makes sense.
What are Wang Shi 12 and Wei 17's plans?
Wang Shi 12
He said he was sick.
He didn’t see anyone when the gate was closed.
Pretending to be sick?
I think so.
Let's not talk about him.
The swordsmen of Moyun Ridge
by Shangguan Bao.
There are only a few left.
If we don't form a group,
there will be no one left next year.
You're right.
Go to see Chase Wei later.
We'll be there soon.
Let's discuss.
It's a good deal to work with someone.
Uncle Liu
Master Liu.
What did Cui Wenkui say?
He said he'll listen to you this time.
Master Liu, how many men have you brought?
100 guns and 1,000 people.
Okay.
Brother Xi.
Go get Qinglong Fortress, Black Tiger Mountain
and Liu Ye.
Let's follow the original plan.
You know the location.
Okay.
Brother, what about me?
Sixth Master, you split up 100 soldiers
and ambush them at three passageways.
Take the rest of your men to Qinglong Fortress
to Qinglong Fortress.
Yes.
When you get to Qinglong Fortress,
you must follow Madam.
Don’t leave her.
OK, I’ll go now.
I’ll leave
to you.
Brother, don't worry.
Unless I die,
Then what can I do?
You don't have to do anything now.
Just recuperate.
Hope everything goes well.
The song of military song, the Dadao Ring.
We swear to destroy Hu Nu and leave Yuguan.
I will only destroy the battlefield and die for the country.
There's no need to return it.
Recite it again.
The military song should sing the Dadao Ring.
We swear to destroy Hu Nu and leave Yuguan.
I will only destroy the battlefield and die for the country.
There's no need to return it.
Okay.
I'll teach you another song tomorrow.
You can recite it and eat.
Go back.
Thank you.
Wait.
You asked me if I was a Communist Party. That's right.
Yes.
Why?
Because I'm looking for someone called Wu Zhen.
Do you know him?
No.
That's all.
Wu Zhen.
Listen.
I'll knock you out.
Someone is still following me outside.
It's obviously their trap, right?
How would I know?
I'm here to serve you.
I didn't know I would be beaten
and follow you.
If I'm not mistaken,
after I left,
they came to you.
and told you how to deal with me.
Really?
You know that?
Sister, please let me go.
I'm just a fugitive.
How much do you earn a month here?
One silver coin and a peck of millet.
I'll give you two more silver dollars.
But you have to listen to them
and listen to me in secret.
OK?
Yes.
Just let me go.
I'll listen to you.
Let me go.
As long as you listen to me.
I will.
Let me go.
Untie me.
Brother Weiquan
I'll wait for you at Bug Ridge.
Boss, I'm back.
He said to tie up the leader.
The rest are at your disposal.
Ninth Brother, wait.
Fourth Brother.
What are you doing? Fourth Brother.
Brother, what do you think he is doing?
Brother, later,
I need to go to Wu Zhen's place first.
Take it as a gift for me.
No, no, brother.
Don't be afraid. I can't do it.
I can't.
I just want to see
if he dares to touch my men.
Brother, I can't.
Deyou. Deyou.
Come here.
Uncle Huo, Uncle Meng.
Are you Wu Zhen?
Let me see.
He's pretty good-looking.
Much better than that gold tooth.
He deserves to die.
Uncle Huo, are you here
just to say this?
When a man is talking,
Women don't interrupt.
Actor table.
Lee Seung-yup.
Kim Ru-young.
and actors.
Li Hongda Yu Guofeng Gong Fan Cheng Kaiyan.
Su Tianhui, Yang Wanlin, Zhao Dongliang, Chen Yile, Wang Lusheng.
Yue, Wang, Yang Ziyi, Tian Chenzhe, Deng Kai Mei Liang Dong
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengchung, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Sun Haochun.
Liu, Tong, Wang, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin. Wang Yukun.
Jungle.
Huhe Wu Jianyu Zhang Guangyan Sun Yuanwen Chang
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Liangliang, Lin Nan, Liu, Yu.
Li Jinyang, Zhang Jianing, Liu Rong Qi.
Staff table.
Hello. Hello.
Yun Lihua.
The production team.
Photography team.
Sun Linfei.
Lighting Team.
Cao Hongwei.
The clothing team.
Wang Jin-sung.
Look at you. Look at you.
Art team.
Props team.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian Qiao Chunsheng Yang Tao Chen Jianfen Jiang Jiping
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang Changchang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang, Zhang Jianping
Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng, Liu Fumin.
Yeo Yeong-Jeon, Yang Soo-ri, Jin Yongsheng, Yoo Joon-bong. Yoo Fu Min.
Cut.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
Ma Jun Nan.
Thank you, Hong.
Dubber.
Zhou Xiangning.
Music Producer.
Theme song, Hero.
composed by Cheng spear.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong HongMong Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
[Dandelion Theatre, San Mun.]
The temple in the village in Shanzhou District.
[Seobu Village Committee of Lingbao City]
The village committee of Shanzhou District,
Yuzhou City, Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Legal consultant Zhu Yongpeng.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
There are three gates in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
Commissioner Chi.
The People's Government of Shanzhou District.
Zhongtong County Commission.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Henan Boutique Co., Ltd.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
[Henan Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
[Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film and TV Production Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
[Henan 3 Daodong Watery Culture Development Co., Ltd.]
First reward Zhang Bing.
Reward Zhang Bing first.